Mon 158329 cma telegraf doc update (#4045)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/getting-started/how-to-guides/cma.md

### Configure Engine

1. Configure how the poller and the agent will communicate:

<PollerAgentConfiguration />

> 2. If the agent is not allowed to connect to the poller for security reasons (e.g. when the poller is in a DMZ), enable **Connection initiated by poller**. Then, in **Host configurations**, define all the hosts on which the agent will be installed. Here the certificates are optional, but if you use them, store them in the **/etc/pki/** directory of the poller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If the agent is not allowed to connect to the poller for security reasons (e.g. when the poller is in a DMZ), enable **Connection initiated by poller**. Then, in **Host configurations**, define all the hosts on which the agent will be installed. Here the certificates are optional, but if you use them, store them in the **/etc/pki/** directory of the poller.
```

> If you configure several pollers at once, make sure all certificate files have the same name.

> 3. Deploy the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Deploy the configuration.
```

> 4. Restart the monitoring engine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Restart the monitoring engine:
```

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Linux" label="Linux">

#### Centreon repository and agent install

Install the Centreon repository and agent using the following commands:

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Alma / RHEL / Oracle Linux 8" label="Alma / RHEL / Oracle Linux 8">

```shell
dnf install -y dnf-plugins-core
dnf config-manager --add-repo https://packages.centreon.com/rpm-standard/24.10/el8/centreon-24.10.repo
dnf install  centreon-monitoring-agent
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Alma / RHEL / Oracle Linux 9" label="Alma / RHEL / Oracle Linux 9">

```shell
dnf install -y dnf-plugins-core
dnf config-manager --add-repo https://packages.centreon.com/rpm-standard/24.10/el9/centreon-24.10.repo
dnf install  compat-openssl11 centreon-monitoring-agent
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Debian 12" label="Debian 12">

```shell
apt-get update
apt-get -y install lsb-release gpg wget
echo "deb https://packages.centreon.com/apt-standard-24.10-stable $(lsb_release -sc) main" | tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/centreon.list
echo "deb https://packages.centreon.com/apt-plugins-stable/ $(lsb_release -sc) main" | tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/centreon-plugins.list
```

> Then, import repository key :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, import the repository key :
```

If you choose to log into a file, log rotation can be customized using the **log_max_file_size** and **log_max_files** options.

Allowed log levels are:
* off: no logs
* critical: critical errors
* error: all errors
* info: additional information
* debug: more information about connections
* trace: the most verbose trace level showing messages sent and received to the poller

2. Restart the CMA:

```shell
systemctl restart centagent
```

You can check that agent is running with:
```shell
systemctl status centagent
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Windows" label="Windows">

[Download the CMA installer](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-collect/releases/tag/centreon-collect-24.10.3) on every server you want to monitor.

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Interactive mode" label="Interactive mode">

1. Start the installer (during the configuration, you can click on the (i) icons for help).

>    If you choose to install centreon-plugins, installer will try to download and install latest version of centreon plugins. If he can't (no web connection, network issue..), a popup is displayed to ask confirmation before using embedded plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you choose to install centreon-plugins, the installer will try to download and install the latest version of the Centreon plugins. If it can't (no web connection, network issue...), a popup is displayed to ask confirmation before using embedded plugins.
```

>   * Is yes : they are installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If yes: the plugins are installed
```

>   * If no : no plugins are installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If no: no plugins are installed
```

>   Results are displayed in installer detail frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Results are displayed in the installer's window.
```

   
2. Configure the endpoint and the connection:
   * **Host name in Centreon**. This must be the host name you have defined in the Centreon interface.
   * In most cases (the agent connects to the poller), you have to enter the poller's endpoint. The correct format is  \<poller IP or DNS name\>:port (OpenTelemetry listening port on the poller, usually 4317), for example 192.168.45.32:4317.
   * In case of a poller-initiated connection (the poller connects to the agent), you have to choose a host interface (0.0.0.0 for all interfaces) and the listening port on which poller will connect, usually 4317.

3. Configure logging options. You can configure two kinds of log output:
* File: the CMA logs into a file

> * EventLog: the CMA logs in the [event logs page](/docs/alerts-notifications/event-log).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* file: the CMA logs into a file
* eventlog: the CMA logs in the [event logs page](/docs/alerts-notifications/event-log)
```

If you choose to log into a file, log rotation can be customized using the **Max File Size** and **Max number of files** options.

4. Configure encryption
Encryption is activated by default. In case of a **Poller-initiated connection**, the private key file and certificate file are mandatory.

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Silent mode" label="Silent mode (console)">

> In this mode no UI is started. As this installer is not a console program, it returns immediately despite he hasn't finished. You have to wait for message telling that all is finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, there is no interface. As this installer is not a console program, it returns immediately despite not 
 having finished. You have to wait for a message telling you that all is finished.
```

> If you need to have exit status, you can launch it in a powershell session and wait for exit code. Exit code will be 0 if all isright

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wnat to have an exit status, you can launch the installer in a powershell session and wait for the exit code. The exit code will be 0 if all is right.
```

| flag                       | description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | --install_cma              | Set this flag if you want to install centreon monitoring agent                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --install_cma              | Set this flag if you want to install the Centreon Monitoring Agent                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

> | --install_plugins          | Set this flag if you want to install latest version of centreon plugins that will be downloaded and installed                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --install_plugins          | Set this flag if you want to download and install the latest version of Centreon plugins                                                                                                                                                            |
```

> | --install_embedded_plugins | Set this flag if you want to install centreon plugins embedded in the installer (case of a host that can access to the web)                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --install_embedded_plugins | Set this flag if you want to install Centreon plugins embedded in the installer (case of a host that cannot access the internet)                                                                                                                                               |
```

| --encryption               | Add this flag for encrypt connection with poller.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| --private_key              | Private key file path. Mandatory if encryption and poller-initiated connection are active.                                                                                                                                                                                |
| --public_cert              | Public certificate file path. Mandatory if encryption and poller-initiated connection are active.                                                                                                                                                                         |
| --ca                       | Trusted CA's certificate file path.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | --ca_name                  | Expected TLS certificate common name (CN). Don't use it if unsure.                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| --ca_name                  | Expected TLS certificate common name (CN).                                                                                                           |
```

| --reverse                  | Add this flag to make the agent accept connections from poller (agent in DMZ for example).                                                                                                                                                                                |
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Allowed log levels are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Allowed log levels are:
```
